= Hobo::Permissions

== Version: 0.1.0

This is the Permissions module extracted out of the Hobo framework and packaged
into it's own gem for use in your Ruby on Rails project.

Currently I do not have this available on a Gem server as it's in beta, but you
can `git clone` and `sudo rake install` to place it in your gems folder. Be sure to
use `sudo` or else it will install into ~/.gem, which is never a good thing :)

Big shoutout to Tom Locke & co. for making Hobo awesome enough that I can 
do this! Hopefully I will get some feedback from them regarding making
this a full-featured, well rounded gem (tests, enhanced docs, etc.)

== Install

<tt>
$ git clone git://github.com/harmon/hobo-permissions.git

$ cd hobo-permissions

$ sudo gem install --local ./pkg/hobo-permissions-0.1.0.gem
</tt>

or this might work, too:
<tt>
$ sudo rake install
</tt>

In your RAILS_ROOT/config/environment.rb file:

<tt>
Rails::Initializer.run do |config|
  	config.gem 'hobo-permissions',
		:lib => 'hobo/permissions',
    	:version => '>= 0.1.0'
end
</tt>

Now, in your ActiveRecord::Base model, just include it!
<tt>

class Article < ActiveRecord::Base
	include Hobo::Permissions
end
</tt>

And now you can do stuff like:

<tt>
Article.user_new(@current_user, params[:article])
#=> #<Article name: 'Jesus Walks on Ice, Kid still drowns.', user_id: 23>
</tt>



== TODO

* Add tests from Hobo, stripped down for just this module.
* Verify that association_permissions.rb actually works (haven't tested it yet in a real project)
* Ooooooo, a wiki! Me likey...

== Want to Help?

I JUST started this gem (my first one!), and I JUST started using Hobo.
Fork me and send a pull request to get this ball rolling!

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Tom Locke, Adam Grant. See LICENSE for details.
